THE VIBRATIONAL VIEW
    An Introduction
    Marianne I. Tromp
    25 August 2023

I am experimenting with using Facebook to express my perspective which I call The Vibrational View. As opposed to the cause-and-effect, or Newtonian, interpretations of events. Vibrations interact differently from what we experience as physical reality. This first piece will give you a bit of my background, which let me to play with vibrational concepts.

I was first intrigued by the ways vibrations worked when I learned about radio signals in one of my college classes. As a major in Broadcast Journalism, I had to learn the technical basics of radio and television broadcast signals. I learned that the radio receiver needed to match the frequency of the signal being broadcast in order to extract the music signal which could then be played on the radio's speakers.

Later, as an electrical engineering undergrad, I learned even more about vibrations, also known as frequencies. Terms like resonance, modulation, coherence and interference became part of my vocabulary. The course on Quantum Physics explained that everything vibrates: subatomic particles, light, sound, etc.

After college I spent many years developing software for instruments that helped physicists and chemists identify molecules and compounds based on how materials absorbed infrared frequencies. Vibrational spectroscopy is used for quality control, criminal investigations, as two examples.

Now I apply the principles of vibration to many different situations, simply because I have found it useful for my personal understanding. Experiencing life is about seeing from a perspective. Mostly, I've used the perspective of cause-and-effect to understand my experiences. At times, that has belt too constrictive. By refraining things into a vibrational world I have opened my perspective and seen situations in a new light.

I plan to introduce you to the principles of vibration as I understand them and share some of the ways that I have applied them. If you also find this way of viewing life as useful, great. If not no need to apply the ideas that I share.

Vibrationally yours, Marianne

